Dear Dad, I'm writing this email because I want to ask you to stop smoking and it's too
difficult to talk about it face to face.
I've looked up a lot of information about smoking and I've found out about its dangers.
You already know that smoking is bad for you.
I've found out that it causes many illnesses.
Did you know that thousands of people die from smoking every year in Britain?
I don't want you to be one of them.
When mum asks you to smoke outside, you think she's just being difficult.
Well, I don't think she is.
Not many people like the smell of smoke in their house or on their clothes and mum doesn't
like it either.
What's more, doctors have found that more and more people who don't smoke are falling
ill.
It's caused by secondary smoking, which could make mum and me ill too.
I know that it is very difficult to stop smoking, but you must try.
Please see the doctor and ask him for help.
We will do anything we can to help you.
Please don't smoke.
Your loving daughter, Kate.